I guess today I'm gonna do a lick that's
kind of gotten real Haggard flavor to it
I use it quite a bit it's one of my
favorite licks I play a lot of country
gospel and it fits right in with most
everything I play and this is a lick
right here and when I'm playing it in G
which you can play it in any position if
you watch the video I've got important
position we're going to start off by
playing the E string on the twelfth fret
the B string on the tenth fret and bend
it up like that then you're going to go
to the B string on the eighth fret then
you're going to go to the g string on
the ninth fret so for we've got this and
then you're going to go to the the B
string on the sixth fret then you're
going to go to the g string on the
seventh fret so far we've got this and
then you're going to go to the B string
third fret and then you're going to go
to the g string on the fifth fret and
hit it twice
laughs dad let her come back down and
then you're gonna go to the g string 2nd
fret and then the 4th string 5th fret
like that all together I'll just try to
get slow those goes like this yeah at
full speed it sounds like I usually play
this lick at the end of a court
progression going back to the major so
if I'm in G coming out of deep back into
G I'll play a little bit of lead here to
try to show you the best and easiest way
to use this leg
that's it that's the lick hope you enjoy
it you can get the tablature for free at
my website at www.flcfs.org